Update backend local development docs (#884)
webrecorder/browsertrix: docs/develop/backend-dev.md

> # Running the Backend

Reviewer: This is a great addition, thank you!

## Installation

See our [Local Deployment guide](../deploy/local.md#installing-kubernetes) for instructions on how to install [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) with [Helm 3](https://v3.helm.sh/).

## Configuration

> For quick setup, we've provided a Helm chart configuration file `examples/local-config.yaml`, which you can copy as `local.yaml`. From the root directory:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For quick setup, we provide a Helm chart configuration file `examples/local-config.yaml`, which you can copy as `local.yaml`. From the root directory:
```

Might switch to present tense?

```sh
cp ./chart/examples/local-config.yaml ./chart/local.yaml
```

> Changes to `local.yaml` will not be tracked in git.

Reviewer: Thank you for adding this! 🙌

Uncomment pull policies in `./chart/local.yaml`, which will ensure only local images are used:

```yaml
backend_pull_policy: 'Never'
frontend_pull_policy: 'Never'
```

??? info "If using MicroK8S"

    Replace `"Never"` with `"IfNotPresent"` and uncomment out `backend_image` and `frontend_image`. You should have something like:

    ```yaml
    backend_pull_policy: "IfNotPresent"
    frontend_pull_policy: "IfNotPresent"
    backend_image: "localhost:32000/webrecorder/browsertrix-backend:latest"
    frontend_image: "localhost:32000/webrecorder/browsertrix-frontend:latest"
    ```

Uncomment `superuser` to enable a default superuser admin:

```yaml
superuser:
  # set this to enable a superuser admin
  email: admin@example.com

  # optional: if not set, automatically generated
  # change or remove this
  password: PASSWORD!

> ```

Reviewer: Same comment as above, I think we can either remove this or change the text to "Uncomment `superuser` to override the default superadmin admin credentials".

Reviewer 3: Yea, maybe can say for anything other than local testing, should override
